Add INSTALLING section to README (#185)
transmission-remote-gtk/transmission-remote-gtk: README.md

[Tarball releases](https://github.com/transmission-remote-gtk/transmission-remote-gtk/releases)
are also available to download.

# INSTALLING

> Installing transmisison-remote-gtk can be done in a few ways besides building and installing from source. There
> are many distros that package this transmission-remote-gtk, for example. However, if your distro packages an older
> version, or does not have a package at all, it is possible to use the flatpak.
> 
> [The flakpak can be found on Flathub](https://flathub.org/apps/details/io.github.TransmissionRemoteGtk) and can be
> considered an official release of transmission-remote-gtk.
> 
> **NOTE**: Only the flatpak and distros that package the **latest release** are supported for issues; if your distro
> does not package the latest version you must report bugs to them because they will be closed here.
> 

Reviewer: My rough suggestion:

```suggestion
Installing transmisison-remote-gtk can be done in a few ways besides building and installing from source. There are many distributions that package transmission-remote-gtk, for example. However, there is a cross-distribution Flatpak available that is always up to date.

<a href='https://flathub.org/apps/details/io.github.TransmissionRemoteGtk'><img width='240' alt='Download on Flathub' src='https://flathub.org/assets/badges/flathub-badge-en.png'/></a>

**NOTE**: Only the **latest release** is supported for issues; if your installed version is older you should try the Flatpak or report bugs to your distribution.
```
